See how you can switch to the Knox Manage new console, our easy-to-use portal that's integrated with the Knox Admin Portal, allowing
you to access our suite of services all in one place!
To get started, click the profile icon.
Then click Settings.
Under Knox Manage, click General Settings to view console preferences.
Select New console as the preferred console. This switches the tenant to the new Knox Manage interface; only the Super Admin who
created the tenant can make this change.
Click Save to apply the console preference.
Confirm that you want to switch your preferred console.
You've now switched to the Knox Manage new console
where you can access our device management features right from the Knox Admin Portal.
Let's have a look at your profiles and policies on the new console.
Your profiles and polices from the original console are automatically migrated to the new console, ready to be applied to your devices.
Note that if you want to modify a profile or policy that was migrated to the new console, you'll have to return to the original console to make
the modification.
You can also configure "Administrators and Roles" for Knox Manage on the Knox Admin Portal, which allows you to create custom roles
for your sub-admins. Note that roles and permissions you set on the original console aren't migrated to the new console, and
permissions set on the new console only apply to management actions on the new console.
Click the ROLES tab to manage roles.
Click CREATE ROLE to start creating a new role.
From the dropdown, select Knox Manage as the target service for the role.
Enter a descriptive role name.
You can set granular permissions for this custom role, giving you fine-grained control over what actions your Knox Manage sub-admins
can perform.
For example, you can allow sub-admins on this role to create and edit profiles, but not delete profiles on Knox Manage. You can even restrict
management actions to specific profiles on Knox Manage.
Click Save to create the new role.
You can now assign granular permissions to sub-admins on the Knox Manage new console. To learn more about Knox Manage, see our
documentation at docs.samsungknox.com. Thanks for watching!